Q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was 
introduced?

A: It's obvious, isn't it? If something was working in previous version but it doesn't
now, well that's because something we've changed. In order to get things to work again
we need to remove the changes and to do that we have to be able to view differences
between old version and new one.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient
programmer in the long term?

A: I think it saves me a lot of time, that I would spend trying to locate changes that caused
unwanted behavior. Can't think of anything else for now.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit,
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

A: When you have your changes saved for you automatically the snapshots can be 
not completed logically so they can be useless at all. On the other hand when you 
choose the time to commit if you choose wisely the versions can represent a logically
complete image of project

Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files
 in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A: I think it's because git is a programmers-oriented version cotrol system and in programming
usually many files are highly dependant from other. So it is only rational to keep track of the
whole project because changes in one file may affect not only this file but whole project.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A: The git log command shows history of commits but doesn't show any details of particular commit,
while the git diff command compares two versions of the project and shows all changes that were made
on the project (which line was deleted and which has been added).

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A: Knowing that I can go back to previous state where all was working fine at any moment making me more confident indeed.

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A: My own project's version contol
